# PhD project meeting notes 2020-04-23

Attendees: Tom B, Gib

Agenda: 
* github to track meetings
* when to start the properties of ewas project
* ewas-gwas comparison simulations

## github to track meetings
How to use issues to help?

__NOTES:__


## when to start the properties of ewas project
There are a lot of papers that are waiting to be input into the ewas catalog currently... so I'm not sure if it's best to start the project now or wait for a bit.

__NOTES:__


## ewas-gwas comparison simulations
See `sim_report.pdf`

__NOTES:__
