# PhD project meeting notes 2020-06-18

Attendees: Tom B, Gib, Nic, Tom G

## Agenda

* general updates
* h<sup>2</sup><sub>EWAS</sub> manuscript

## general updates

* Finished technical updates to EWAS Catalog, just need to update the data in there now 
* Should have an ewas-gwas pathway comparison project manuscript by the end of this month
* h<sup>2</sup><sub>EWAS</sub> manuscript comments should be addressed by the end of this week
* Intro is also ready to go and will be with you next week

## h<sup>2</sup><sub>EWAS</sub> manuscript

Latest version: [h2ewas_paper_TRG_njt.docx](h2ewas_paper_TRG_njt.docx)

Comments to go over:
1. Nic's on intro
2. Tom's fig 4 (related to Nic's at start of discussion) --> Is it all just lack of power?
3. Nic's in 2nd paragraph of discussion